truly
North America coming out
I thought it might be good but
Musically
I want the continuation of the country
bolt
Masako Kono of his own
Expected to die
A term
Announced as a member
Hey you
What
Since
It is said that it is wrong
Really better opportunity
To rest support
ap
And yes
on the other hand
16th
We adopt room and roof
End
Akikawa was
First
I do not regret
Director Kim
Why do things like this even in the first armed forces Visual and auditory fill well
There are places that I do not understand
To the station, it has changed with 5 days
Also at this timing he got sad but got sad
That's the kind of pop-tuned lyrics
I thought it would be nice if I could do it last time
Also for them
There is also a place where she is doing this
That minute
Tanaka, though
It somehow becomes the lyrics of the song and the lyrics
Because it is about golf
It seems to me on that
That kind of thing
It is important to have the upper grip on you
I'm offering this song to quite a few people now
I had an offer to ask the clerk this time
For me it was out there that I was
I will
10th anniversary
Yeah
I will think about the coming life that will come again
Even in the market
Transportation
Aiming for adults to be performed later in a good sense
I will do my best to sing